Cleanup (#140)
radicle-dev/radicle-docs: docs/using-radicle/running-a-seed-node.md

    Nov 12 10:48:03.760  INFO radicle_seed_node::frontend: Listening(0.0.0.0:12345)
</details>

> Now point your browser to the address you set instead of ht<span>tp:</span>//seed.example.com. This is the seed node dashboard.

Reviewer: 👀

> Now point your browser to the address you set instead of ht<span>tp:</span>//seed.example.com. This is the seed node dashboard.

Author: ```suggestion
Now point your browser to the address you set instead of `http://seed.example.com`. This is the seed node dashboard.
```
